Feature/new brand (#2644)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/legal-notices/third-party-information.md

This software may include portions of third-party products.

> For third-party copyright notices, licenses and disclaimers for each Cumulocity component in the SaaS cloud deployments refer to our [Third Party Information page](https://third-parties.c8y.io/build-sets/third-parties-cloud.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For third-party copyright notices, licenses and disclaimers for each {{< product-c8y-iot >}} component in the SaaS cloud deployments refer to our [Third Party Information page](https://third-parties.c8y.io/build-sets/third-parties-cloud.html).
```
